Dear fellow practitioners, today I would like to
share with you,
in our section on protecting the true Dharma.
As Buddhists, we practitioners
must have knowledge to support our
practice.  And once we have acquired knowledge,
we must protect the true
teachings of the Buddha.
The Buddha taught that there are four ways to choose a
teacher.  The first teacher is that wherever there is no
Dharma and no peace, we should
abandon that teacher.
We don't need to greet anyone to find
our spiritual teacher.   The
second type of teacher is that wherever there is food but
no Dharma, we should greet
that teacher and then leave.  Because that teacher has provided for
our well-being, we must greet
him.  But we are practitioners of the
Dharma; if there is no Dharma there, we
cannot waste our lives there just for the sake of food
.  Therefore, we must greet
that teacher so that we can go
find another teacher to learn the Dharma from.  The third teacher is that
wherever there is Dharma but no food, we
must practice with patience.  That means if there is a path to
liberation for us there, then we
must stay there to practice.
As for the fourth type of teacher, wherever there is Dharma and
food, he will not leave even if you drive him away.  Because
there we are sustained, we
have the teachings to practice so that we may
escape suffering.
This is the teaching of Buddha.
Therefore, the path we are seeking is the
path to liberation.  Then,
we lay practitioners gradually escape suffering to live
in the lay life, and in future lives
we are reborn into a good realm and continue our spiritual
practice.  As for the Buddhist path, it is a
path for those who have renounced worldly life to practice,
to end desires and suffering,
and to attain the blissful state of Nirvana.
So, what is a spiritual master, and
what is a principal teacher?  A spiritual master is a teacher who
teaches one the spiritual path.
And the original teacher is the one who originated from the school.  For example, in
our case, our principal teacher is the
Buddha, and our spiritual teacher is
Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh.  That's at
Ba Vang Pagoda.  So,
are we Buddhists allowed to criticize the spiritual teachers in
Buddhism?  And
which spiritual teacher should we
criticize, and is that criticism correct or
incorrect?  So, I would like to
quote the Loica Sutta from the
Digha Nikaya, translated into Vietnamese by Venerable Thich Minh Chau,
so that we can understand
whether we should criticize our spiritual teachers,
and what kind of teachers
we should criticize, and how such criticism can
bring happiness to ourselves and others.
Criticism of those spiritual masters
is a legitimate form of criticism.
So, dear fellow practitioners,
as Buddhists, we often have
the view that because we are
Buddhists, we shouldn't
talk about monks.  Even if the teachers are practicing the
Dharma correctly or not, no one
dares to say anything.  Then some Buddhists should tell
Yen this: "Right now, at the village temple, there's a
monk who always eats meat and
always kills animals for sacrificial offerings."  Am I
allowed to say that my child will no longer go to the temple
?  Teacher Yen told me to just explain clearly.
Now that I'm studying Buddhism, I see that even at the
temple in my hometown, the monks still kill animals,
so I'm asking permission to stop going to the temple.
That's what Yen told the other girls.  Then there's
the second viewpoint of Buddhists,
which is that one should only focus on practicing for oneself.
Everyone should mind their own business and
not worry about others; that kind of behavior leads to
bad luck in relationships.
With such viewpoints, if
we lack knowledge of
Buddhist teachings, we will fall into
those traps.
Dear fellow practitioners, I would like to read the
excerpt from the Loa Sutra,
Part 16.  In the world, there were three spiritual teachers who
deserved criticism.  And who would criticize the spiritual
master in that way?  This person's criticism is
legitimate, justifiable, and without fault.  That's what the
Buddha taught.  What are these three things,
Nohika? In this world, there is a spiritual teacher who does not attain the
goal of monastic life, which everyone who
renounces their family and lives without a
family aspires to.  Yen's analysis here
means that there are spiritual masters who have not attained the
goal of monastic life.  which all those who
renounce their families and become monks or nuns aspire to, living without a family
.  Those who renounce the world have the
goal of becoming monks, and there are four stages of enlightenment.
The stages of enlightenment are Stream-Enterer, Once-Returner,
Arhat, and Arhat—the stages of liberation.  So what if
a person who has renounced the world does not
attain the goal of monastic life?   So,
esteemed fellow practitioners, nowadays in
Japan, Buddhist monks are even allowed to
marry, choose their wives, and have
children.  However, those monks were
not
true to the purpose of becoming a monk
and leaving their families.  So, a monk
must renounce his family, live
without a family, and strive towards the four stages of
liberation.
So, one attains Arhatship and also attains
supreme enlightenment, becoming a Buddha.
Dear fellow practitioner Yen, please continue reading the
scripture.  Unable to attain the goal of
monastic life, this person preached to his
disciples.  This is beneficial for
you, this is what brings you happiness
.  These disciples did not heed
his teachings, did not pay attention,
did not focus on understanding, and
lived contrary to the teachings of their
master.  Such a guru needs to be
reprimanded.  Yen would like to analyze this.  That is to say,
these masters did not attain the
fruits of liberation,
yet they preached their own doctrine—that is, they
preached their own teachings.  For example,
Supreme Master Ching Hai
claims to be supreme,
always saying that she has attained
liberation and guides
others to liberation.  But this
cannot be proven.  And take Mr.
Thong Lac, for example.  After that, Venerable Thich
Thong Lac explained the Dharma he had
written in 10 volumes, the
path to enlightenment, for
his disciples to follow.  These are people who have
not yet attained enlightenment
and yet still teach their doctrines
to others.
Their disciples
paid no heed, nor did they focus their
attention on understanding, and they lived contrary
to the teachings of their master.  That is to say, the
disciples of these people
do not listen attentively to and accept the
teachings of these theorists, but live
contrary to the Buddha's teachings.
Then that spiritual master was criticized.  So,
this part of the scripture mentions three main points.   The
first point is that the spiritual master did not
attain the state of liberation.  The second point is to
explain the method of practice used
by that person.  The third point is that the disciples
of this spiritual master did not listen to
the master's teachings and lived contrary to the Buddha's teachings
.
Such a spiritual master would be criticized.  Dear fellow
practitioners, Yen will now continue reading the
scripture.  Such a guru needs to be
reprimanded.  The venerable monk did not attain the
goal of monastic life, but rather
renounced his family and lived without a family to pursue it
.  The purpose of that subject cannot be proven
.  The Venerable monk preached to his
disciples.  This is beneficial for
you, this is what brings you happiness
.  These disciples did not heed the
master's teachings, did not pay attention,
did not focus on understanding, and
lived contrary to the teachings of their
master.
Like someone flirting with a girl who wants to distance herself from them,
or kissing a girl who wants to show her face.  We
say that such an action is evil, greedy, because
no one would do something to help another.
Dear fellow practitioners, in this section of the sutra,
the Buddha likens this criticism to
a young man who falls in love with a
girl, who courts a girl who
wants to distance herself from him, and who embraces and
kisses a girl who wants to avoid him.
So, if we see a young man
trying to woo a girl
who avoids him, and trying to
flirt with a girl who keeps her distance, will
this guy ever find love
?
Never found love.  The
person that the teacher criticized in this sutra
, the Buddha said, was criticizing correctly
because that person
did not attain the goal of monastic life,
did not attain liberation.  Then, after that,
I will explain the teachings of
this monk, I will explain those teachings myself.  And
when the disciple spoke out, he neither listened to
the master nor practiced
the teachings that the master had given.  And when
these disciples live
contrary to the Buddha's teachings,
those teachers are
criticized.  Such criticism is
legitimate criticism.   Dear
esteemed fellow practitioners, please
continue reading this scripture.  Lohica is thus the
first type of guru who deserves criticism.
And whoever criticizes the master in this way,
their criticism is legitimate, accurate, and
without fault.  There.  So we are
allowed to criticize such spiritual masters who
, despite not having attained enlightenment themselves,
still expound on methods of
practice for others to follow.
And the disciples did not practice
the teachings of this person and
lived contrary to the Buddha's teachings.
That was the first spiritual master to be criticized.
Dear fellow practitioners, Yen will continue reading the
17th part of the scripture.
Furthermore, Loika, in this world there are spiritual teachers who
do not attain the goal of monastic life, and all
those who renounce their families and live
without a home aspire to
this goal, thus failing to attain it.  This master
preached to his disciples, saying, "This
is beneficial for you, this is what brings
you happiness."  These disciples
listened to his teachings, attentively absorbing
them, focusing their minds out of understanding, and
living in accordance with the teachings of their master.
Such a guru needs to be
reprimanded.  The venerable monk did not attain the goal of
monastic life because he renounced his
family and lived without a family; therefore, he did
not achieve the goal of monastic life.
The Venerable Master preached to his disciples in this way,
saying it would benefit them and bring
them happiness.
These disciples listened attentively to the teachings of the venerable
master, absorbing and focusing their minds
on understanding and living in accordance with
the teachings of their teacher.  But he abandoned
his own melon field and thought of
weeding his neighbor's field.  We say that gesture
is an evil deed, a greedy deed.  Because who can possibly
help another person?  In
this passage, the Buddha
shows us the second type of spiritual teacher, the
one who teaches the Buddha's teachings
to others so they can practice them.  But
that master himself did not practice
any Dharma at all.
Vĩ only uses the teachings of the Buddha to
preach to others.  Then,
those who practice according to the
Buddha's teachings will benefit.   This
means that these disciples, after
listening attentively and absorbing
the teachings of their master, live in
accordance with the Buddha's teachings.  For example, if
we are taught the Dharma
by a Buddhist teacher, and we learn and
live according to the five precepts.  But
the teachers, on the other hand, refuse to
practice the Dharma in order to achieve the goal of becoming a monk, which
is to attain the stages of liberation.
At Ba Vang Pagoda, the monks are guided by their
master to
practice liberation techniques and
cultivate themselves
in order to attain the state of
liberation.  As the master always says, the
purpose of Master Thich Chu Thai Minh is to
allow monks to practice the Dharma, the
meditation practices, and to live a life
like that of the Buddha's time,
practicing and preaching to
Buddhists according to circumstances so that they can practice the
five precepts and the eight precepts.
Therefore, we see that the main focus of the Dharma teachings
of the monks at Va Vang Pagoda is solely on the
master.
As for those monks, the teacher also said that he would only allow them to
preach after they had
thoroughly practiced the methods of liberation through contemplation and
meditation
.   The
teacher always guides the
monks and nuns towards the goals
of those who have renounced worldly life, which is to seek liberation,
and then teaches us Buddhists the five precepts and
eight precepts so that we may benefit.
Dear fellow practitioners, regarding those spiritual teachers
who only preach the Buddha's teachings to
others for practice, while not
practicing the Buddha's teachings themselves, the
Buddha likened such a teacher to someone who
doesn't weed their own melon field but goes to weed
someone else's melon field instead.  In other words, you
yourself don't practice the Dharma to cut off your
attachments and move towards liberation, yet you're
trying to teach others the way to
liberation.  That is what is called evil practice, that is what
is called greed.  That means they only care about
being teachers to others, while
neglecting their own spiritual practice and
their own liberation.  I see.  Even
such a spiritual teacher would face criticism.   Dear fellow
practitioners, Yen will now
continue reading the scripture.
Hey Noika, that's the second-ranked master who
deserves criticism.  And whoever criticizes
the master in this way, their criticism is
legitimate and not wrong.  Therefore,
whenever we see monks who, despite
practicing asceticism, still break the precepts, or who themselves break the
precepts and then teach others to
practice, they are criticized.  Therefore, we
get to see the monks, and if they break the
precepts, we get to criticize them.
Those are the monks going around preaching to
other people.  They are not monks who
are practicing meditation.  Even monks who are still practicing their faith can
make many mistakes.  Because mistakes have been made, there is
still room for repentance and transformation.
However, in this passage, the
Buddha teaches that this teacher did not
practice the Buddha's teachings to
eliminate his own greed and attachment, but instead taught
others that this would
benefit them and bring
them happiness.  To teach
others in this way, yet to oneself
not receive the happiness or
benefit from the Buddha's teachings and
precepts.  Therefore, when Yen
criticizes others, she usually
uses moral precepts as a basis for her criticism.  Such spiritual masters, who
even violate the precepts, still go around telling
others how to practice in
this way or that way to achieve
liberation.  But that very person violated the
precepts and could not attain liberation.  So we get
criticized, right?  The Buddha taught that such criticism
is genuine, legitimate, and
not erroneous, so that we can have peace of mind about
our criticism.  But before
Yen criticized Venerable Thong Lac, she pointed out to
Venerable Thong Lac that he had violated the precepts, so
we should criticize in a righteous and proper way
.
In this way, dear fellow practitioners, Yen will
continue reading the scripture,
part 18.
Furthermore, Noika, in this world there is a spiritual teacher who has attained the
goal of becoming a monk, and all those
who renounce their families and live without a
family aspire to this.  Having attained the goal of becoming a
monk, this person preached the Dharma to his
disciples.  This is beneficial for
you, this is what brings you happiness
.  These disciples did not heed
his teachings, did not pay attention,
did not focus their minds based on understanding, and
lived contrary to the teachings of their
master.  Such a guru needs to be held
accountable.  The venerable monk has attained the goal of
monastic life, which he
aspired to by renouncing his family and living without a family.
Having attained the goal of becoming a monk, the venerable
master preached the Dharma to his disciples.
This is beneficial for you, this is what brings
you happiness.
These disciples did not heed the master's teachings,
did not pay attention, did not focus their minds
based on understanding, and lived contrary
to the teachings of their master, like someone who
cuts the old rope that binds them and makes a
new one to hide from themselves.  We say that
such an action is evil, greedy, because no one would
do something to help another.  Noika, that
makes the third-ranked master deserving of criticism.
And whoever criticizes the master in this way,
their criticism is legitimate and
without fault.
Yen would like to analyze this passage from the scripture.
That master had already attained enlightenment,
but he went around preaching and teaching his disciples.   If
these disciples are not eager
to listen to
the teacher's words
and do not practice according
to the teachings of their
master, that is, the Buddha, then
such teachers are also criticized.
This spiritual master only knows how to preach,
without considering whether his disciples
can actually practice what he preaches.   They did
not create an environment for them to
practice their teachings.
This spiritual master lacked sufficient compassion.   I
keep preaching, but I don't know if my disciples
will understand or not.  Dear
fellow practitioners, there are some monks whose
attainment of the goal of monastic life is uncertain
.  But this is the way of
preaching: the lay disciples are
taught to practice very deeply,
preaching to them so that they can practice
letting go, which means practicing the four foundations of
mindfulness.  Let go of everything.  This is the feeling
, this is the feeling, this is the feeling, this is the terrible feeling,
and then let go of it all.  But even
Buddhists can't practice the
complete act of letting go.
They go home, sit in meditation, and practice letting go—
but how exactly do they let go?  Because there will be
a lot of conflict within them
.
For example, if we still have to work or run a
business, and we teach them to let go of everything,
they won't be able to practice it.  Deep
down, they feel
uneasy and insecure.  Other spiritual masters, however,
teach that we only need to see our
Buddha-nature.  That means that if you practice and realize your Buddha-nature, you will
succeed.  For example, if we do evil, it means
we don't care about
our actions, as long as our hearts
are good.
Seeing or practicing to see the Buddha-nature means simply
seeing the perception and knowing.
Then they say that abandoning evil and doing
good leads to liberation, but they
fail to explain thoroughly
who is truly capable of letting go of good in order to practice.  They must
be monks or nuns who practice virtue but
no longer cling to the idea that it is a virtuous deed.  That means
not clinging to the distinction between mind and external circumstances.  Only by
letting go of all attachments can one achieve liberation.
But lay Buddhists must rely on
wholesome practices to guide their actions; they
cannot simply stop practicing them.  For
example, if you have a misbehaving child at home, you have to discipline them;
if you don't discipline them, how can you let them go?
But I teach it with a mind that
understands the cause and effect relationship between karma and myself
and it.
Let me teach it, and I'll just have to figure out how to keep
my mind free from anger and hatred
.  But I still have to pursue my
goal of raising my child to the very end.
How can I let go?  Dear fellow practitioners,
in this passage, the Buddha teaches
those who have attained enlightenment.  Even if one has attained
enlightenment, when teaching the Dharma to others, one must
consider their capacity and teach accordingly.
Laypeople are taught the precepts of the Five
Precepts and the Eight Precepts
so that they can still practice them, and
their minds are guided to understand that even if they
practice the Five Precepts or the Eight
Precepts,
their liberation will still be
slow, and they will still have to endure suffering in the
cycle of rebirth.  Therefore, by focusing on the goal of
renunciation
and practicing the teachings of the monks and
nuns, we can put an
end to the cycle of birth and death.  That is the
ultimate happiness.  That's right, when you preach, you have to
preach to the right people.  Dear fellow
practitioners, in this passage,
the Buddha teaches that a spiritual teacher who has attained the
goal of monastic life, but when preaching
to his disciples, these disciples do not listen to the
teacher's teachings, do not pay attention
, do not focus on
understanding, and
live contrary to the teachings of their
master, who is actually preaching to
others for their understanding.
It's also very difficult, not easy at all.  I
want to go to this place, to see
what these people are clinging to
and, in their circumstances, how much they can
practice. Then I
have to teach them each part so they can put
my teachings into practice.
So, the words we speak are from the Buddha,
but they must be able to practice them.
We can't just take all of the Buddha's teachings and
repeat them wherever we go
.  Whether
or not their disciples can actually practice the teachings is something that even enlightened masters
are criticized for; it's
not like they're immune to
criticism even after achieving enlightenment.  Yen gave an example for
the audience, explaining that this was not yet the
complete attainment of the state of a monk, but rather a partial attainment
.  The Buddhist monks attained partial enlightenment
and then went on to preach to their disciples.  For example,
there's a Zen master, and there's a
Buddhist follower who has a
child who loves eating sugar.
This Buddhist brought his child to see
this Zen master.  Then, respectfully,
Master, I am the son of Master Bach. My son
likes to eat sugar, so I beg you, Master, to
enlighten him so that he will
stop eating sugar.  Then the benevolent monk
told the Buddhist follower, "Take your child home for
another week, then come back here and
I will give you some guidance."  For my grandchild.  Then, a
week later, the Buddhist took his child to see
the Zen master, who explained and
enlightened the child so that the child would no
longer eat sugar.  So now the Buddhist
asked the Zen master, "Why is it that
last week when I brought my child along, the Zen master
always made the child walk behind me during his meditation?"  The Zen master told me to
bring the child back home and then bring the child back today before he would give me enlightenment
.  Then the Zen master
said this:  Because
I used to really like eating sugar.  So
now, after a week, I've given up sugar.  Then
I advised my grandchild.
There.  That means I have to let it go myself
to know how difficult it is, and only then can I
guide others.
If you don't know, how can you give instructions?
So, when our Buddhist monks go out to
preach, they have already received
250 precepts, so they must have received the
five precepts and the eight precepts, which is why they
can preach to us.
Such preaching is said to indicate that those who have attained the
five precepts and the eight precepts have realized
these aspects.  When spiritual masters or
teachers transmit precepts to us, their transmission of
precepts is
in accordance with the Dharma.
Since they are teachers of the 250 precepts,
practicing the five precepts or the eight precepts is sufficient for them.
Therefore, the masters passed on the precepts to
them.  As for those teachers who have
n't yet fulfilled the five precepts but still perform the ceremony of taking refuge in the Three Jewels
for Buddhists, that's incorrect.
This is how the meaning is expressed in this sutra.  Many
teachers even
kill animals but still perform the ordination ceremony for
Buddhists.  For example, at the temple, on the anniversary of the founding of the temple,
they slaughter several pigs right there, then also
chickens and ducks. They also raise fish in the temple and catch them
to be slaughtered on various other days
for the feast.  And then they even
want to perform the Buddhist initiation ceremony for their followers.  Then
these teachers are not in the right lineage.  Then there are
other teachers, those whom the
Buddhists themselves feel are unable to practice with
.   The
Dharma I'm talking about is just a theory
.
Dear fellow practitioners, take Venerable
Thong Lac, for example. He eats only one meal a day,
yet he teaches and
encourages Buddhists to eat only one meal a day.   This is for lay Buddhists
.  Lay Buddhists also
have to work.   Sometimes,
even those in shifts 1, 2, and 3
have to go to work in the morning, noon, and night.
Then there are people who have their own lives
as lay Buddhists;
how can they possibly afford to eat just one meal a day?
That only brings suffering to everyone
.  The Buddhist followers of Master
Thong Lac are living in a way that contradicts
the teachings of the Buddha.  There.  The Buddha
never taught his followers to do that.  The Buddha only
taught his followers not to eat or take what is
not given to them.  And don't take what does
n't belong to you.  That means not
stealing.
Even such a spiritual master would face
criticism.   Then
there are those spiritual masters who haven't attained any enlightenment,
for example, Mr. Nguyen Nhan.
He fabricated that book of mystical teachings, taking
a few bits and pieces from Buddhism, mixing them
together haphazardly, and claiming that it was
a book of mystical teachings given to his mother
by the Buddha.  And when Buddhists
practice, the mystical book
states that the Buddha-nature within a person
must seek permission from the ancestors of humankind before it can
enter the human lineage.  But the
ancestor of this human race is the demon.   It's all
very chaotic here.  Therefore, even though
it's
just a Buddhist teaching, so many
people take it out of context and
distort it in such a way that teachers and
spiritual masters like that
need to be criticized.  And that criticism
was genuine criticism.  That criticism is
legitimate and not wrong.  Therefore,
we Buddhists should also
criticize such spiritual teachers so
that practitioners can
strengthen their minds and themselves.
Only with understanding can we have
firm convictions and practice accordingly.  But
if I don't know something, one person might
criticize me, and another might
criticize me for saying it, for
saying it in the first place.  I also said that I would
n't go around telling anyone anymore, and I would just focus on my spiritual practice
.  Not.  What is spiritual practice?  Practicing virtue
benefits both oneself and others.  It's just charity, though
.  If I have benefited from it and
learned the Buddha's teachings, I should share it
with many people.  And
I have to point out who is doing things wrong.  I'll just keep
talking, whether they listen or not
is up to fate; nobody's forcing anyone.
Dear fellow practitioners, we
practice at Ba Vang Temple, and we
listen to our master's teachings on
Buddhist scriptures, which
we then put into practice.
Actually, we have
n't had much practical experience yet, but listening to lectures
has been more than enough for us.  For
those who wish to find information online,
we Buddhist followers should also exercise
caution.
Because it is the same Noika sutra translated into Vietnamese by Venerable
Thich Minh Chau.  In the scriptures, it
is translated as "Yen chose a suitable place for the
general public to hear."  However, on the
website bsat.org,
the excerpt from the sutra has been altered, resulting in a
completely different meaning from the sutra translated by
Venerable Thich Minh Chau.
Yen read parts 17 and 18, and they contradicted each
other like this.  Part 17: Yen read from the passage:
These disciples listened attentively to his teachings, carefully
noting them down, focusing their minds on
understanding and living in accordance with the teachings
of their master.  That is the text according to the
scriptures.  But what's on the website is
completely the opposite. Yen would also like to read the
corresponding section.  These disciples listened
attentively to his teachings, absorbing and focusing their
understanding, but lived in a manner
contrary to their master's teachings.
In Buddhist scriptures, it means living in accordance with
the teachings of one's spiritual teacher, but
online, people arbitrarily interpret it as replacing those
teachings and living contrary to them
.  If we were to follow
this scripture in our practice
, it would be impossible;
we would be led astray.  Dear fellow
practitioners, Yen is now moving on to part 18. This is
from the scriptures printed in
that book by Venerable Thich Minh
Chau.
Furthermore, Noika, in this world, is there a spiritual master who has attained the ultimate goal of achieving
countless results?  So, on the
website, it's being said again: "In this world,
there are spiritual teachers who have not attained the goal of becoming
monks."  The original Buddhist scripture translated by Venerable Thich
Minh Chau states that one can attain the goal of
monastic life, but when it is posted online, it is presented in the
complete opposite way, stating that one cannot attain the
goal of monastic life.  If we follow what we see
online, then we're making a big mistake.
Therefore, the scriptures that the masters
translated in their original form and that are printed in
scripture books are truly precious.  If we search
online, we'll find that those heretics and evil spirits
often distort the truth.  They just need to
add one or two words and change it.
We've read it from beginning to end, so if it's
correct, we don't need to compare everything.  And then, at the
most basic point, things changed.  That's right,
in this article, noika, that
part isn't the fundamentals yet.
But the most fundamental aspect—living in contrast to living in
accordance with the norm—
has been altered.  And the point about attaining the
goal of asceticism is replaced with "
not attaining the goal of asceticism."   That
means changing the basic meaning.  Therefore,
nowadays, non-Buddhist sects often
distort our scriptures in the same way
, taking a little bit of our Buddhist scriptures and incorporating it into their own
.  But when it came to the most important part,
it changed to its intention
.  Therefore, we feel very
happy to be studying and practicing Buddhism
under the roof of Hoa Vang Pagoda, under the guidance
of our master, Thich Truc Thai Minh.  The
master always uses the officially translated scriptures to
teach
us so that we can practice and study.  And how far have we progressed in our
studies?  In fact, Buddhists at
Ba Vang Pagoda have witnessed firsthand the extent of their spiritual
practice there.  That means
we experience the Dharma as we learn it
.  This is very suitable for the nature of
us Buddhists.  And the teachers also
teach us how to practice so that we know
how to control our minds and make them
virtuous.  We can also
experience that firsthand,
as taught by the Buddha.  So we're very
happy, right?  From our own happiness,
we should also adopt the
spirit of protecting the true Dharma as taught by the Buddha
to criticize these three masters, so that
their disciples may
have the opportunity to find the true Dharma and
practice it.  May all of us fellow practitioners be
diligent in practicing the Dharma and
protecting the true Dharma, helping others
to cultivate within the true Dharma.  Homage to the
Buddha Shakyamuni.
[music]